you also bought those is the bottles in
the bay and I'm going to show you guys
how to shine your patent leather this
day today so first off thank you for
everybody that subscribed I really
appreciate it
like I said to sneak ahead in the bay
and I'm sorry if I I'm sorry if I've
been out for a minute but yeah I'm go
ahead and show you guys how to get your
patent leather shiny like this you feel
me if you're the reason to do this is
because patent leather over time it's
going to lose its shine so you know you
just need to bring your sneakers back to
life and this is a perfect way to do it
so I'm going to show you guys how to do
it please go ahead and like this video
because I did take time and making this
and I'm gonna try making this video as
fun as I can for you guys so you um so
yeah so you guys like it just like the
blue bleach video my bad and um you know
you guys probably have this stuff at
home already and what you're going to
need is some water like this some water
I'm speaking of water and a little bit
thirsty so hold on guys my been huh
but yeah water um some lotion hand
lotion would work fine and um and a rag
do not do this with a cotton ball or
anything else other than rag
I try to cotton boss it doesn't do good
so just get a you know a soft rag not
like not a hard one alright and um
before I start this video I'd like to
recommend to do this in a how would I
say this not in a weird area because um
I mean I'm going to tell you guys a
little story what happened to me and
this is a true story I wish I could say
that this didn't happen because things
haven't been the same ever since but um
pretty much what happened was I was
doing this in my my father's room or my
parents room and what happened was what
you're going to do is you're gonna have
like some lotion on here right and
pretty much what I did was when I was
done I didn't I didn't clean up
I just left I left a rag there and you
know how summer time you know I'm saying
is all
all that stuff is going on and you're by
yourself at home
pretty much all day kind of makes a
little bit weird when they find a rag
that has like dry dry white stuff on it
and my dad he knew what was up and you
know it just hasn't it hasn't been the
same since so I'm just gonna show you
guys that's my story um part of me
that's my story and I just I don't need
that to happen to you guys I'm just
telling you from my experience and yeah
just try to avoid that please just do it
in your room and make sure to clean up
um but yeah let's get right into this
video first get your rag and go ahead
and comment please I really appreciate
it I'm gonna shout out everybody that
comments in my next video cuz um I'm
cool like that
you know just dampen your rag put this
just DAP in a little bit put some water
on and how am I going to do this let me
see if y'all could see this that's right
here yeah you can see that alright then
so um you're going to take the wet part
of your rag and you're just going to
wipe down the patent leather pretty much
what this does is it cleans it gets rid
of all the dirt anything any extra stuff
that could be on there that you might
not want now just just wipe it like that
and then you're going to take a dry part
of your towel make sure you guys can see
this you should focus it you gotta take
a dry part of your towel and you're
going to just dry it up real quick
like this and and yeah this works for
any pair of Elevens or anything that has
patent leather on it yeah just tell me
what you guys think about my videos if
you like it or not I've been getting
really good feedback I got 600 views on
my last video so it's all good pretty
much um so yeah okay once everything is
all nice and dry what you're going to do
let me set this down real quick
what you're going to do is going to pick
a part of your rag just put your finger
anything like I am and you're going to
put a little squirt of lotion that
should do alright that's it that's just
a little dot and pretty much when you
got that all you're going to do is you
know just wipe it on and like this like
let me see if you see that like this
let's wipe it on make sure every place
gets it and this is really good for your
patent leather it'll make it look really
shiny and it'll bring life back to your
sneakers and you just do this just keep
doing is not it's not a big deal just
keep following the sneaker and and yeah
um tell me if you guys want some sneaker
reviews because I got a lot of Jordans
Nike SB s I clicked everything if you
guys are wondering what kind of sneaker
head I am not that type uh that gets
everything he wants not that type mother
type getting a whole bunch of sneakers I
have a few pairs of Jordans I think I
have six pairs six seven pairs and yeah
I'm just a regular dude you know I'm
just I'm trying to get my money up but
I'm not gonna spend it all on shoes I do
like don't get me wrong I do like
Jordans but it's getting to the point
that the maintenance on them is kind of
crazy how you have to repaint everything
I'm going to make some paint tutorials
but yeah it's getting it's getting to a
point where if I'm paying $300 for a
sneaker I really don't need the paint to
chip and all that so it's not really Oh
No so at this point it's going to look
like a matte finish if you guys know
what Matt looks like Matt paint looks
like it's gonna look like that and
you're going to get a dry part of your
towel and you're just going to wipe this
muhfucka down like this most circles
little circles and you won't get all
this lotion off alright do not leave
lotion on the
it's not going to look pretty do not do
it
I've seen people that do it it looks so
bad our man VI please just take this off
just take all this stuff please do
yourself a favor listen to sneak your
head in the bay and um you guys don't
have to subscribe if you don't want to
if you are that's coo if you're if
you've been with me since the beginning
which was a couple years I mean a couple
of weeks ago I've had then that's cool
too so really appreciate all the
feedback that I could get I just let me
know what you guys think if it worked
for you guys you guys probably ought to
keep going onto new dry sides of the
towel yeah this is good this is pretty
much good to go
got some of my fingers this one is good
to go
so yeah just let me let you guys think
I'm going to show you guys with flash on
it's super shiny now and the reason to
you is just a regular rag is because you
don't want to scratch the patent leather
because really delicate but yeah that's
that's pretty much it and I'ma catch you
guys next time sneak ahead in the bay
like I said go ahead and comment like
subscribe if you want to I'll catch you
guys next video I'm out peace